Liu Dien Nien Long Truyen of the four great generations was born first
I talked about the heir.
Damn it, we're adults.
Oh no.
Don't panic.
Everyone who meets this says that my master prolongs my life, ha ha
The person in charge of Fuji Than Long Group can see the head but not the tail
No one has seen it.
On the contrary, I, Long Xuyen, become rich every day and become a sword god.
Let's get to know each other.
Is what I said fake?
General Director Manh is right.
If you lie, this is your father.
Ha ha ha, don't go away yet.
Block the eyes of our richest daughter.
Today will make it impossible for you to live in the countryside.
I am the richest person.
Dare to talk nonsense with me again, I will leave it to you
Stop arguing with these powers.
Forgery on tape
It's a big deal, and it's not easy for me to handle.
I have booked a private room.
Now you come here as my wife.
Might as well hit them in the face.
Private rooms at Long Xuyen hotel sell for at least 1 million VND.
You booked a private room for me.
I'm afraid even my wife is done with it.
Just some of my pocket money.
Don't hit your swollen face anymore.
You are a good man.
I can't spend your money, and I can't let you be wronged.
You wait for me to call now and bite someone.
Get it out for you
Stop pretending.
A chicken using a low-end domestic cell phone
Also dares to pretend to be Kim Phuong Hoang of high society
Only you still call and shake people.
You can call empty numbers now, right?